locs: quiet_forest
positions: 420 644 96 32
actions
move: R - 0
make: ranger_M - 500, 612 - L
make: monk_F - 550, 612 - L
text: king_M - I am glad to welcome you back after your journey. Please, tell me what you have learned from your most recent tour of our kingdom.
text: bard_M - The villagers grow their crops, tend to their land, and age. There was nothing of importance to report from this trip.
text: king_M - Rasamus, each year I ask you to partake on this tour, and each year I hope that you come back with a new perspective. Each year I am disapointed.
text: bard_M - I do not understand why you send me. My talents would better serve this kingdom to train our troups at the border. I have heard ... 
text: king_M - I send you because I am needed here. A kingdom cannot rely solely on the strength of its leader. A leader must listen and understand the people.
text: king_M - Failure to understand, to listen, resulted in the Leeper Uprising. Our kind were not the only to suffer. The masses starved, famine engulfed the lands.
text: king_M - Rasamus, you were young and I did what I could to shield you from those horrors. But alas, the events of such a dark time are not important at present. New troubles are on our horizon.
text: bard_M - Troubles? I did not hear of any disturbances.
text: king_M - I have reports of growing armys in the eastern states. In addition, recently our lines of communication with our neighbors to the north have grown cold.
text: king_M - I do not know what spurred these changes, but they are distrubing.
text: bard_M - What can I do?
text: king_M - Wait, listen, and observe. I have requested a meeting with leaders from both Hardridan and Kavanso.
text: king_M - While you were away I called our reserves into action. We shall not sit idly by and wait while our advisories build strength.
text: bard_M - ... As General of the Reserves I feel that I should have been informed.
text: king_M - I am informing you now. Had I told you prior to the tour, you would not have proceeded. That would have sent off alarm bells.
text: king_M - By not telling you, we are in a better position to defend ourselves. Enough talk of this matter. Is there anything else you wish to share from the tour?
text: bard_M - No.
text: king_M - Then I dismi...
text: princess_F - About the tour, I do have a question.
text: king_M - Yes? You may ask freely.
text: princess_F - Have pink leaves ever grown on the sakura trees? We visited all ends of our kingdom, but the only sakura trees are near Castle Addinral.
text: king_M - Pink leaves? Our sakura trees have not grown pink leaves since the war. Where did you see this?
text: princess_F - I did not see it Father. I ... I dreamt it.
text: king_M - To dream such sweet dreams. You are very lucky. I would wait a millenia to see the sakura forest in full blossom.
text: king_M - I think we've spent enough time talking about the past and the future. Now we must focus on the present. Go prepare for our guest. Their words dictate our next move.
fade: True
inc: 1